Adapting the amount of the Universal Activity Income to the cost of living in different territories
Integrate housing benefits into the Universal Activity Income
Harmonise the method of calculating Universal Income entitlements by taking into account the same resources for everyone
Ensure access to social support for all people who are far from the labour market
Set up a system in which the recipient undertakes to look for a job
Ensure that a recipient who returns to work systematically earns more at the end of the month
Accompany the implementation of the Universal Activity Income with other measures to improve the living conditions of citizens
Introduce a minimum amount to make the Universal Activity Income a safety net
Calculating the Universal Activity Income based on most recent earnings
Consolidate and harmonize as many social aids as possible
A single benefit tailored to your income
a basic income for all, equivalent to the minimum wage, which can be combined with social assistance
For more clarity: 3 categories of aid
use the social security number for all assistance
Yes to the election by universal suffrage of public prosecutors!
It is a replacement income, not a universal income
Set an amount according to needs: food, housing, transport, health, education, culture and leisure.
Food vouchers should be given so that people can use them to buy food.
To set up mechanisms to enable European mobility and pathways.
Enable the unemployed to have an address for service in Pôle Emploi agencies to promote mobility and access to employment.
Amendments to articles of law (Dalo, CASF) to allow access to accommodation adapted to needs.
Provide budgets for police and prosecutors to provide shelter for men and women at risk.
support for those far from work
To give special and strong support to the disadvantaged people who are the poor from and residents of rural areas.
Employment commitment system if you are a recipient
housing subsidies
Fight against discrimination.
people with disabilities in pavement situations
Penalize social workers who refuse to carry out the steps related to the professional project. Better still, give the poor autonomy to carry out the procedures themselves.
help
Equity is not equality, so NO to universal income
Pushing recipients to work
Putting people to work
Stop the demagoguery
No agreement on universal income
Grouping aid: yes, but under a different name
Anticipate the impacts and evaluate the effectiveness of the system
Fighting against non-take-up by using resource databases
Simplify calculations and take into account the difficulties of the most vulnerable
Organize controls on the management of the RSA rua budget and fight against fraud and swindling by payers.
An income sufficient to live decently
Consult the Cedif Committee website to see the need to ban social support, to abolish the Departments, to prevent serious harm to the person.
See the webxclusion website to understand the need to ban social support.
Do not forget that we are at 80% and more of baccalaureate holders, i.e. people with university levels.
Abolish Social Support Measures, which are restrictive measures for incapable adults.
Granting Pôle Emploi budgets to ensure the accommodation of job seekers, trainees, temporary workers (CDD) in France and in Europe.
Abolish the Departmental Councils since they are exclusionary and not employment professionals.
Set up administrative debugging units in the prefectures and regions, with agents with the appropriate profile (public, European and international law, and political science).
Granting legal aid for the drafting of reciprocal commitment contracts and the follow-up of the commitment.
Enable the person concerned to submit, either personally or via the representative of his or her choice, his or her applications for financial support to the allocation commissions
Granting SELF-RELIANCE to REMOVE Hindrances and ENABLE the recipient to ACT.
To oblige State services and local authorities to provide information on legal and extra-legal aid via written information on their websites and in town halls and their annexes, prefectures, regional councils, the job centre, universities, etc.
To finance free legal advice from public lawyers to file applications for interim relief with the Administrative Courts and the TASS in the face of the numerous suctioning of Rsa-future Rua by the Departmental Councils
The money must be paid by the State, and not by a local authority (Conseil Départemental, Mairie).
activity, paid or not
I don't agree with this RUA
Create envelopes to allow people to return to work instead of spending a lot of money on social support.
Do not make a departmental council dependent
Prohibit social support to prevent abuses
Social support
Stop making people dependent on social workers who know nothing.
housing subsidies
Give 1 envelope to Pôle Emploi to finance training and research follow-up
Compel the Payor to pay the amounts due
people with disabilities living in poverty
For work-study students
A fair and adequate Universal Income of Activity
Calculate this income according to your location.
The Active Vital Income: a true universal income but WITHOUT MONEY!
The Active Vital Income: a universal income without money and @dubruly's #marchedeleconomy
some thoughts on the RSA.
equity is also ....
Universal (In)Activity Income financed in part by inheritances
the goal is to find 1 job!
ensure a dignified existence .....
Consolidate all aid
AUTOMATIC DETECTION OF THE CITIZEN WITHOUT INCOME
Individualising career paths and strengthening the supply of suitable and decent jobs
Global vision of dignity
Readable AND instantaneous
Housing subsidies: What to do
I DON'T WANT UNIVERSAL INCOME. I DON'T WANT TO FUND AND PAY PEOPLE TO DO NOTHING !!!!
The poorly housed would be the first victims of a conditional RUA integrating the APL
AAH
Jobs change faster than skills
If it can be made easier for everyone
quest for fairness
encouraging the resumption of activity
RUA a dignified existence
Why the RUA .more readable system
NO disagree
No agreement
universal anti-revenue
Access to housing benefits must remain unconditional
NO, housing subsidies have no place in the RUA
opening the RSA to young people under 25 years of age
Individualize the service
The middle classes, families.
The same resources for everyone
What is this chapter? A gas factory? Gas again.
Return to employment or access to employment
Inaccuracies
The AAH should not be part of the RUA
Different realities
Causes of non-use
Restructuring of aid or simplification
The AAH should not be part of the RUA
The RUA yes, but not without compensation
AAH AND JOB SEARCH
A fair and sufficient Universal Income of Activity.
A fair and sufficient Universal Income of Activity to allow the beneficiary to live in dignity
AAH and RUA
A "REVENUE OF CITIZEN VOICE" ("REVOCI" / "Dream too"!...) rather than the R.U.A., to reinvent/(re)enchant Work, our Society and our lives, towards a well(-)being and a good life, individually and together...
A "REVENUE OF CITIZEN VOICE" ("REVOCI" / "Dream too"!...) rather than the R.U.A., to reinvent/(re)enchant Work, our Society and our lives, towards a well(-)being and a good life, individually and together...
yes
Make the grids fairer with better staggered steps
a RUA according to age
Reload
Kalissy06
NO to the RUA YES to maintaining the AAH
Integrate housing benefits into the Universal Activity Income
Universal income open to anyone from 19 years old to death
Simplify without mixing
proposal of public utility work after six months of RUA allocation for those who are capable
Revaluation of the AAH: not for everyone
Living in dignity
So that everyone can work... or not work - and live with dignity in the city or not
No to the integration of the AAH in the RUA under the principle of equity!
Most disabled people cannot work: No to the integration of the AAH in the RUA
Dignity is not only measured by financial resources
Mixing disability benefits with poverty benefits does not make it any easier to understand!
Dignity Income
Individualizing the AAH
APL is not a social minimum
AAH must not enter the RUA
See the potential tax impact for current beneficiaries
further simplification
FOR UNIVERSAL INCOME
What consideration should be given to tax situations?
Harmonising social assistance is fine, but when will we harmonise the system of support for job seekers?
UNIVERSAL INCOME
NO TO UNIVERSALIZATION
The UK as a measure of equality and civic responsibility
The UK allows everyone to feel equal
The UK as an equalizer
The UK to give more freedom and therefore more responsibility
resources
The AAH is on a medical advice point
Abolish the non-entitlement linked to the geographical sectorisation of social action, at least for the RUA
Improving access to employment by letting the beneficiaries be actors
Multi-disciplinary support: towards employment and/or budget management and/or health according to needs
Limiting people who don't fit into the boxes with an assessment by a social worker
"A RUA as the last "safety net" from which we cannot be excluded"
Obtaining beneficiary status when you have the RUA entitling you to subsidiary aid
Universal Income Insurance
Solidarity income
Fair, efficient and agile
RUA
integration of the AAH in the RUA
Helping youth and students
RETIREMENT or RAU
RIGHT AND DUTY
POOLING TO MAXIMIZE FRAUD
Enable fragile self-employed people (self-employed entrepreneurs, etc.) to have a safety net
Artificial intelligence
Avoiding the stress of unemployment
ABOVE THE POVERTY LINE
Open to apprentices regardless of age and to those under 25 years of age.
UPDATE OF THE RUA EACH MONTH FOR THE PAYMENT AND OR COMPLEMENT OF THE BENEFIT
"Why organize a national consultation, if in fact,""the different scenarios of regrouping""are already decided!!!"
MEETING A PRINCIPLE OF FAIRNESS
ENCOURAGING THE RESUMPTION OF ACTIVITY
ENSURE A DIGNIFIED EXISTENCE FOR RECIPIENTS
PROVIDE A MORE READABLE SYSTEM
Discourage companies from hiring people over 45
Stop dematerializing everything / links with local professionals
Do not abolish the AAH and ASPA
1 single site that would bring together all administrative procedures
Title deleted
Increasing wages
"Let's do Universal Income instead of Universal Income"
Creation of a lifetime wage for all
diplomas that are useless
a job is a job
home ownership renovation of substandard properties
working poor
HARMONIZE and NOT UNIFORMIZE
In a world...
Reduce these aids to make it compulsory to return to work
The RUA to fight against global warming and for a renewed citizenship
Take into account the total daily expenses for the calculation of universal income
security and empowerment
How can we accept that in France there are people living below the poverty line?
release the energies
Words have meaning. Welfare cannot be tied to an activity.
Consider volunteer activities
"How about a real Universal Income?"
Ensuring a decent minimum income guarantee
NO WHY
AAH
Ensure a guaranteed minimum income for a decent living
of citizenship nuance
"Take into account ""Reference budgets"" in the RUA's thinking."
The RUA will kill personal initiative.
Preparing for the end of work announced by future technologies
Universal income for all
In your opinion
Mitigated
young
Why the term Activity
Universal Single Activity Income
Pay a substantial bonus to any company that recruits an employee over 55 on an open-ended contract
ensure access to social support for all people who are far from the labour market
solidarity income
Integrate housing benefits into the Universal Activity Income
set up a system in which the recipient undertakes to seek employment
advantage of being a beneficiary of social minima
homeless student
Disconnecting work from minimum income
The AAH is not a social income like any other
Eliminating this gap between the very rich and the very poor in a democracy that claims to be modern
People with disabilities
dignity
More readable, but not a catch-all
Single parent family
universal income financed by dividends
Universal activity income
We must start by reserving any income or allowance to French people of origin
Young people -25 years old
AAH
It is important to be aware that there is not always enough activity for everyone
Avoiding territorialized air calls at the end of the RUA
Avoiding subsidized contracts with no real guarantee of continued employment
Provide socio-professional support
Correlate the ASR with the minimum wage of the branches X1.3
Solving the waiting period without resources
Encouraging activity
AAH and RUA
Ask the beneficiaries of the universal income a counterpart in work hours at the PRORATA of the SMIC, and NOTHING ELSE.
blah blah blah
AAH RUA
Integrate housing benefits into the RUA. To set up a system in which the recipient undertakes to look for a job. Ensure access to social support for all people who are far from the labour market.
readability
This is another solution devised by enarcs who complicate everything...
We need to streamline welfare benefits and prevent fraud!!!
Insertion: incentives for companies
take ALL resources including passbooks, accounts...
Universal Income for ALL
Implement a bonus for people who are active in their job search
Are the changes in access modalities linked to digital and dematerialized content not enough of a change?
Robots pay...
not
not
not
not
not
NO
NO
Mao instead of the benefits
The AHH should not be integrated into the RUA
provide a more readable system
Disability
young people under 25 years of age
Promote employment (monthly declaration)
Right to refuse contributions
Taxes for all
Nation and RUA
"Do not give to those who cheat"
for a life of dignity and social participation
The new name is already confusing!!!
Automatic warning to those potentially eligible for assistance .
give and take
Do not change the current system
Do not change the current system
RUA: hidden reduction in the various aids?
Optimization, Distribution
Towards a basic income
many people with a mental disability are unable to return to work
The RUA is not adapted and unfavourable for people with a mental disability
The VDS or living wage
Song and Book Authors do not benefit from any help : neither anpe spectacle, nor anpe, and the fluctuating incomes prevent the rsa...Think of Them who have no recourse sometimes
Donate part of the aid in kind
Don't confuse a person with a disability with a person without a job
Don't touch our benefits
NO to the Universal Activity Income!
meet a principle of fairness
Encourage return to work
Ensuring a dignified existence for recipients
Provide a more readable system
NO
Be generous to those who wish to use this solidarity to bounce back
Yes, but with strings attached and obligations
Secure the payment
AAH
Avoiding fraud
Replace unemployment and retirement with the UAW
To provide an activity or training adapted to each person
CITIZEN INCOME
Facilitating the return to employment
Against
Equity
Transforming the AHA and aid for people with disabilities into a disability pension (like the work accident pension)
no it doesn't work like that
against
vast subject
I don't believe it
Clarification of purpose
an income and integration
Automation of aid without having to beg for it!
Government, you want to save money?
Cumulation authorized subject to taxation
Using the site is not easy
Seek common sense, simplicity and morality in the allocation of aid
A rural youth plan
"more transparent and fair system" "false"
Under conditions of resources! Which ones?
"More readable" "false"
"worthy existence" "false"
A universal income AND a universal activity income.
Still too complicated
Single Minimum Income RMU
Do not set up a RUA but encourage work
NO RUA BUT A BASIC INCOME!  - Unite so that everyone benefits!
clarify to simplify, without harming
Associative investment
Addressing the unpredictability of social transfers instead
CHANGE THE NAME OF THIS FUTURE DEVICE
RUA - Define competent body for the management of each citizen
To be more ambitious and more realistic in the face of the real challenges facing society
Living the digital transition
Introduction of a PEIIG: Ceiling of Individual Enrichment of General Interest.
A toll-free number against administrative abuse and maltreatment
Universal Income should neither encourage people to return to work nor increase their salary, but should ensure a dignified lifestyle in line with their values.
Personalized allowance of 500 euros per month
Integrate material assets houses investments etc. before determining an RSA amount
Universal activity income
MOST VULNERABLE PEOPLE
Generalising the 0 unemployed territory initiative - the RUA must be an achievement but accompanied by responsibility and commitment to society
Enabling everyone to become a homeowner
rights of asylum seekers in the UK
A system that stigmatizes those without an activity. So what do we do with the old and disabled (like me) who can no longer be active?
EQUITY
Simplification
A true universal income or nothing
I would like the President of the Republic to stop stigmatising the poorest people, thank you.
Title of this aid
Yes to the funding of associations defending the precarious
Adjustments in the administrative litigation procedure (RSA)
If it's universal it's unconditional
Housing aids
Why not give people a choice...
Stratify the SP system
For people with disabilities
About the trainings ...
stop the 100% taxation of savings income below a certain threshold for beneficiaries...
Ensure a minimum of 75% of the amount of RSA in case of sanction (except in case of fraud of course ...)
to bring the amount of the RUA closer to that of the minimum old age pension for senior beneficiaries
OBLIGATION TO CONDUCT A JOB SEARCH
40% less than the minimum wage
Title, financing and organization of the rua
ENABLE EVERYONE TO HAVE RESOURCES
Include students in this calculation
Inalienable
Increasing the UCP for people in highly strenuous jobs
The RUA will have to merge all the minimum social benefits, the activity bonus, the student grants, the youth guarantee and the aid for finding the first job with a decent amount personalised according to the situation of each person
If the housing allowance will be included in the RUA, increase the amount of the RUA at least in the same proportion as the RSA and APL are combined today
Extend the RUA to minors enrolled in higher education away from home
Single universal income
Calculate entitlements based on current resources
Replace all social minima
Numerous advantages if it is open to everyone from 18 years old
Solving the problems of housing, pensions and even unemployment through the RUA
No to mandatory celibacy on the RSA! No to Sugar Daddies!
Title
Provide a more readable system
Remove the management of the RSA (RUA) from the departments
EFFECTIVENESS
not to make access to the right solely dependent on the resources of parents and/or spouses.
encourage the exit of the allowance
an adequate standard of living
RUA
provide a more readable system
Mandatory publication of the annual success rate of the RAPO (amicable appeals)
Stop the abuse of the administration: heavier sanctions, or control entity - like IGPN or CNIL
Retirement quarters for RSA and ASS
Tax on legalized cannabis = more generous RSA
Stop telephone abuse (cold calling)
Stop insurance scams
Yes to distance learning in medicine
Make the case law of the administrative courts of first instance finally accessible!
RUA for people with disabilities?
Automatic payment
Decent income for all.
Implementing a basic income to alleviate the growing scarcity of jobs
My precise vision of a universal income
REDUCING POVERTY
A right to live in dignity for every human being on earth
A dignified income to be able to live with dignity
Universal Income for Persons
to value volunteering
Universal Income
The universal activity income: a first step
APL or universal income without activity of the owners (heirs)?
What activity (or work) are we talking about?
Forced labour or Distribution of necessary and useful work?
Territory and money flight (idem GAFA)
Planet, overpopulation and equity?
A universal income
Yes, but not without compensation
Grouping
Individualize aid instead of paying it per household to make it easier for victims of domestic violence to escape
UNIVERSAL INCOME FOR ALL
why a Universal Income?
Poverty line
ahh and apl
AAH
A single application allowing a global study of the right to the various benefits
"Change the name of the "Universal Activity Income" to "Individual Activity Income""
Ensuring a minimum standard of living
Non-compulsory work = chosen work
Accompaniment
Supporting the return to employment
Dignity
Readability
Employment Bonus
Transition period
RUA ok but AAH and AEEH apart
What fairness?
indispensable
quail
why not
"Proposal: Study "geo-personalized" scales evaluating a level of resources allowing to live in dignity"
Why I will not participate in this debate.
RUA source of creativity
participatory population
Regulating consumption through basic income: how to finance it
consider social housing as an aid in its own right
for non-active people, require a public interest activity in return
Facilitating geographical mobility
Universal Citizenship Allowance
To live with dignity, to put an end to a scourge.
Lille Métropole Habitat
Transparency of words - work, employment, activity
and pensions a universal income support
The same base for all
"Financing the universal income by a contribution ""Robotics""
"A portion of the UAR is paid in grocery checks."
Universal income ?
Granting the RSA: YES, but in exchange for something in return
"Establish a Right to Live"
to take account of the geographical distance of students from their family home in calculating the amount of allowances received
More simplicity in the fight against poverty
Bringing together all forms of aid or benefits to effectively combat precariousness
Improve monitoring and limit scams and abuse
The RMI will change name with each president? . RSA... RUA...
The activity is NOT necessarily productive or profitable. Unconditional RU
clear language
TIME-LIMITED DURATION
A SINGLE NATIONAL FILE
Proposal for community service for the unemployed
think differently and further with the arrival of artificial intelligence
No RUA but an RMU
A universal income that stops the accumulation for some to the detriment of the real needs of others
To complete the lack of personnel in the town halls for ecology
Restore the skills assessment leave
Support for the beneficiary
Modular RUA
One-Stop-Shop
Change the name - and don't link Universal Income to the issue of activity.
1 200
Linking this simplification of minimum social benefits with easier access to health rights
Include those under 25 years of age
Creating a virtuous circle
Univesal Assistance Grant
For simple and automatic allocation criteria
Not requiring lone parents to seek employment
Readability of aid
Family allowances
Business interruption
universal or solidarity income?
only one aid per beneficiary
fairness = control, do not be satisfied with declarative, "good faith
social recipient is not a profession
amount and separation of aid from salary substitution
Encourage the activity simply not the recovery.
and the pensioners who are poor?
A minimum income for all without proof of income
Rewarding eco-gestures and eco-initiatives
universal activity income for all without condition
Partially finance the RUA through a tax on e-mail transmissions
Integrating the resumption of self-employment into access to social assistance
Universal Life Income
For greater fairness
a RUA that is understandable to all
Assume the economic functioning imposed by the states
Offer social and human support if needed
Everyone on an equal footing
"Defining the 'condition of poverty'"
stop the ideology of equality, equity, it is against the reality of nature
Minimum activity of 7 hours per week for the benefit of the public
stop encouraging inactivity
hypocrisy
small business
against
INCOME RELATED TO A PATHOLOGY
Merger: RSA activity allowance APL family allowances
Do not systematically blame job seekers
Encourage job search
a proper allowance
a clear and precise proposal(s)
to work is to show solidarity!
a single benefit so that everyone is aware of the solidarity effort.
Against pzrtue
Universal Life Annuity
Calculation
Family Financial Assistance
"Social Justice is to free from the ""threshold effects"" with the ""carte vitale"" and the ""Beziers curves""
Control
Identify the beneficiary / recipient by his INSEE number (social security)
Adapt the RUA so as not to harm anyone (average income!!) and at least ask for 15h/week for voluntary work in associations (with regular vigilance).
Incentives to relocate in order to be free of aid
no rua
"Redefining the meaning of the word 'activity',"
NO
Encouraging employers to give people in integration a chance
Allow for stability in family budgets
For a true universal income
Adapt the poverty and precariousness thresholds according to the territories.
That work pays more than aid
Adapt the poverty and precariousness thresholds according to the territories.
Conditions of attribution
more readable system
"For the removal of fat from the mammoth"
APL enriches landlords and has no place here
Amend the title of this measure
Supporting the return to work when possible = helping to create the conditions to participate in local life!
Income for anyone who has reached the age of majority.
DO NOT REDUCE AID, BUT INCREASE INCOME FROM WORK
A single administrative file for all aid
CALCULATION FOR AID
Cross-reference computer files
Fairness will require more control.
Incentive and motivation.
Define the needs by correlating national, regional and local practices and the profile of the recipient.
Based on a minimum living income, integrate three declared and controlled parameters: personal (current activity and income), environmental (family and cohabitation), and patrimonial (assets and liabilities).
By Referendum!
Periodically survey and report on recipient satisfaction
Integrate psychosocial competence into all social and professional reintegration schemes
creation of an income for housewives
Help the working poor!
Think about reindustrializing France first
OFFER A FISHING ROD INSTEAD OF FISH.
Avoiding threshold effects
Integrating dependents
Don't meet a principle of fairness with the allowance: let the taxman do it!
No condition of benefit mechanically leads to a guaranteed increase in income regardless of the return to work
not satisfied with this new system
Providing a more readable system for artificial intelligence
UNIVERSAL INCOME
Eliminate the operating costs of aid distribution
Index the amounts to the cost of living
Enabling retirees to avoid the need to return to work
Facilitating access to aid for those who need it most
Liberal professions, auto-entrepreneur...
And when do we go to Lifetime Salary?
The idea of Universal Income
The Universal Income would partly solve
How to implement a Universal Income
Universal Income for whom?
Why establish a Universal Income
Universal Income and Work
The cost and financing of Universal Income
AUA and not RUA
Clarify, facilitate access and take into account the particularities of situations
No, the Disabled Adult Allowance should not be included in the Universal Activity Income being prepared by the government!
UNIVERSAL INCOME FOR ALL FROM BIRTH
Accompanying the public is not new and it is mandatory for the RSA even before the RMI!
Adult disability allowance
Are we encouraging non-work?
Simplification but leave APL aside.
Universal income in addition to or not to the salary to live in dignity
How much does dignity cost?
Do not equate joblessness with inactivity
No to this merger
No a la rua
To reduce poverty.
Universal means for all AND requires the solidarity of all
Taking advantage of the RUA to access Housing
jojo
jojo
Simplification
jojo
a universal income ok but consequently above the poverty line
Why link money and work?
6 million unemployed for 300,000 jobs
Disability pension
More readable but detailed
When is a person poor?
Opening the RUA to young people
The term universal is misleading, I propose another term
Take into account that many farmers and self-employed people survive on this aid.
Fed up with fraudsters!
So is the system not readable?
Provide a fair citizen contribution in return for an allowance.
Complete grouping
We must not limit ourselves to harmonizing aid, we need an income that allows us to live decently, work or not!
rua why
A single universal income FOR ALL!
ALL PERSONS WHO ARE ABLE TO WORK SIGN A SUPPORT PACT FOR THE MONTHLY REVIEW OF THEIR SITUATION FOR THE RUA
Enhancing the value of the activity and limiting fraud through more control
Encouraging part-time work and entrepreneurship
RUA may be a good idea, but AAH should not be included
RESUMPTION OF ACTIVITY
Ensure that the ASR is not less than the total amount of aid that a person could have received
The RUA must be significantly lower than the SMIC
Income = work
Yes
For any recipient without activity, he must participate in society
To make a complete and transparent statement on the cost to the citizens of (former) presidents and (former) ministers and (former) parliamentarians and (former) senators
No to the universal income including the aah which is not an income like the others but for people in situation of handicap of which some cannot work
Removal of the AAH from the RUA because the beneficiaries are not accessible to employment
clearer system
Simplify
A universal income for all, without conditions
A help for virtuous ecological behaviour?
RUA per household and not individualized
Prefer a negative tax system to further simplify the system
DISPLAY BENEFIT AMOUNTS ON TAX NOTICES
"Why 'activity'?"
Two particular attentions to RENTS
All people in precarious situations and poverty, including entrepreneurs and artists
Simpler and more responsive
A more sensible title: Citizen's Income
DEVELOPMENT INCOME
Please put your opinion in the right column for or against!
Suspending the universal activity income in case of recidivism
Improving communication to reduce non-use
Privatizing Public Enterprises - Equity in the RUA must coexist with equity in the status of workers
Let's throw a base
Citizen counterparty
no cumulation with other aid
Fighting more actively against non-use and putting the social link back at the centre of the process
why
AAH
To socially value the simple life as an eco-citizen
No to mixing of genres
NO
Interest of the universal activity income
APL
Ensuring housing for all
The UCP must have a reasonable rate of regression to income
Fairness ... for all, not just for the recipients.
A Minimum Income for Directors of Newly Incorporated Companies
Bad
Make RUA and IRPP consistent but do not include housing and disability
EQUALITY before INCOME TAX
Aid, but for how long?
Living with dignity
difference between activity and work
One and the same transfer
How much will it cost taxpayers
RUA Categorical
Ok
Privatization
Again and again
Bullshit
A true universal income without conditions
A true universal income without conditions
Principle of fairness
Intelligent Clustering
"RUA + checkbook/shopping tickets"
Opening places in EHPAD for beneficiaries of the RUA
review a system adapted to the current economy
Target audience
Crediting employers of people who have been receiving the RUA for a long period of time, in order to facilitate their return to work
1,300 euros of minimum activity income
Do not abolish the AAH (Allocation Adulte Handicapé)
Origin
No income without work
Indexed the minimum income to the region
Wage indexed to minimum income
AAH # RUA
Minimum based on standard of living
Training
Employer
"Implement a negative income tax"
Do not exclude homeowners from this assistance.
Universal income for all without conditions
Universal Income for ALL with no income limit
Not to be dependent on employers
no constraints due to age or work history
Take into account not only income but also assets.
An effective and controlled search for employment or training
Covering basic needs
Identify all the aids to which a person is entitled, and which he or she may not be aware of
Fraud
A Universal Living Income
Pay the UCP per person, regardless of family status
Increase of the hourly SMIC
Condition the maintenance of the RUA at the same level to an activity
What is work? Why is it considered an end in itself?
APL
Voting
A dignified and automatic remuneration for all poor citizens
AAH and RUA
Solidarity is not stigmatizing: the RUA can provide better access
Simple, Universal and Guaranteed Income e.g. 600 per adult, 300 per child, for all regardless of income.
Abolition of housing subsidies
Ensuring a dignified existence
Towards a true universal income...
universal income
An income or a benefit?
Encourage the return to work or training
Energy saving
Aids certainly not an income
Fairness in income tax
YELLOW GUARDS THANK YOU FOR VOTING _ situation of adults with disabilities
The time to make an observation and present it, a prerequisite.
ensure a dignified existence
income
Do not include SSA or AAH in the pool
Devolution of a beautiful idea
Another era...
Universal income
Harmonize
include pensions in the calculation
to ensure a dignified life expectancy
encourage the return to work
Consolidate all transfer revenues and make recipients accountable
improve its aids
Setting up a support system
Taking into account justice issues and technical difficulties
To enable you to leave the big cities
Employability
Reversing the roles: management by Bercy
Universal income for all
On second thought... Why do you need help?
Counterparty
Yes to harmonization but...
Let's stop trying to standardize everything.
SIMPLIFICATION
"Make universal ""universal (activity) income"""
The employees
universal income
Recognize fibromyalgia as a disease in France. Do not consider the handicapped in this device.
I propose the abolition of the RUA
Return to work bonus in the form of pension contributions
Honest people first
Benefit from it quickly, and don't let it disappear all at once
AAH and return to work: an aberration
Stay-at-home parent
Single Window of Social Benefits ( GUPS )
Transforming our welfare
A proposal for a rapprochement that does nothing to address the challenges of housing in France
"Too strong a link between 'solidarity' and 'activity'"
a less complex system
Remove the universal U
Assisting
Tax for all.
From the emancipation of the young
Taking into account volunteer activities in the RUA
What about the students?
AAH increased to the poverty line and not indexed to the spouse's income
Make social assistance available to households without prior application
mandatory training
Too much aid kills aid
Smic
Creation of a single platform / fight against non recourse
Towards a universal income at all?
Assistance reserved for people living on French soil in a legal situation
Number of children and assistance
That disadvantaged peasants and pensioners have access to it
Considering the case of stay-at-home mothers
Unconditional Basic Income
Let everyone have the freedom to do what they want.
Financing an unconditional universal income with funds given to banks
Don't give money anymore but give housing, clothes, food
Bad idea to include it in the CSR
The grant is cocaine
FACILITATING ACCESS TO SOCIAL ASSISTANCE AND AVOIDING NON-USE
honest transparency
access to renting for social assistance recipients
RUA and involvement in social/societal associations
RUA
an allowance dedicated to the person and not to the couple
Disability
Expansion of the universal activity income financed by a robot and AI tax
For a TRUE universal income, which the RUA is not
Share it!
From millefeuilles to millefeuilles....
Eliminate threshold effects, limit the number of criteria, make the calculation formula transparent
Coupling RUA and environmental citizen action
Unemployment Reform
A tailor-made RUA
Set up a citizen file specifying his situation and all his resources and expenses.
Universal income for all without means testing
accompanying the beneficiaries
Nothing is free
Less aid paid = Less taxes collected
Nothing is free
Media coverage and investment in the recognition of the fight against discrimination of the poor
from 20 years old
Anticipate the reactions of the various stakeholders to avoid blockage
No to anonymity in this consultation
Universal Activity Guarantee
to give back a semblance of purchasing power to the poorest in order to consume differently
Consolidation of aid and consolidation of management bodies
let's stop being in a constant mess
For all to benefit automatically
FRAUD
Disability with restrictions
Remove all aid except for the disabled
Change the misleading name of this measure
Specificity
Creating happy jobs
Disability
An unconditional universal income, with no strings attached
Make all social benefits taxable
Do not add another layer of administration
Control of the declarations of anonymity
Universal income Recommendations
Life must be free, so let's establish a universal income, for all, without any calculation, by eliminating all other aids.
to humanize our society
Social benefits recoverable from the estate
Fairness, simplicity
Beware of threshold effects
Dignity must be earned and it is not money
Individualize the RUA and rather than granting it to a household
No recovery of the RUA from the estate by including ASPA
Aid should be withdrawn from parents of delinquent children
Valuing work over aid
Donate your time to the Society in exchange for help
Create a single civil status
Truly universal (and unique) income
A minimum income to avoid exclusion
For or against the R U A
Providing equitable assistance by taking all factors into account
Reforming the CAFs to make their action more readable and effective
Tackling high rents in other ways to save the state money
