Older people in poverty
People with disabilities living in poverty
Young people experiencing poverty
Universal? So for everyone
To all, automatically, on the 1st of the month, without condition in order to make everyone responsible and to save management or control costs
To whom the RUA should be addressed: universal...
Assistance to single-parent households
guaranteed to be in the black
Universal income to be given to all without conditions...universal citizenship income
RUA
Income for all persons below the poverty line
NO to people with disabilities
To all French people without distinction
To be combined with family allowances
To all, as soon as the person does not reach a sufficient income to live in dignity
open to all from 18 years old
WE MUST KEEP THE EXISTING SYSTEM IN ORDER TO FINANCIALLY TARGET THE DIFFERENT PROBLEMS OF THE PEOPLE ? NOT TO GLOBALIZE THE AIDS
With the digitization of society, some jobs will disappear
Who is the RUA for?
Students with disabilities recognized at 50% and 79%.
suppression of the social and promotion of the work
NO to the question on People with disabilities living in poverty
Equity
A basic income can only be universal, i.e. paid to all members of the community without condition.
For the unemployed who want to train or start a business.
Disabled persons who are UNABLE TO WORK (80% or more) cannot claim an INCOME but a specific allowance such as AAH.
Freedom
Opening the Universal Activity Income to a wider public without harming the current RSA public
TO PEOPLE LOOKING FOR A JOB (without unemployment and without ANY INCOME) between 55 and 65 years old
Open the RUA to young people with a viable business creation project
A "CItoyen's VOcation Income" (REVOCI / "Dream too"!...) FOR EVERYONE, rather than the RUA, to reinvent/(re)enchant Work, our Society and our lives...
AAH is not an activity premium
To all
An income for all
Kalissy06
Only for single people without children because they do not receive the same amount of aid
For whom the RUA
Aah
Universal income must be granted from the age of 18
Every person in a situation of social and economic vulnerability, from the age of 18
Poor workers
UNIVERSAL is for everyone
for all according to income
Justify a need and capacity to receive the RUA
For anyone who works
Active Vital Income and the economy
A commitment to oneself and to society
keep the AAH (Allocation Adultes Handicapées a part
Universal revenue
All of them?
To the middle classes
A universal income for everyone
Studying is a full-time activity
Don't forget young people and students!
to pensioners receiving the aspa.
Decent income for the elderly
For all
TO ALL FRENCH CITIZENS
"RUA: to the so-called "precarious" people. AAH (+ possibly CR): to be maintained absolutely to the disabled people "" concerned!!!"
RUA FOR ALL
Allocations with different objectives
What if we were all registered at 18?
Title deleted
I want the AAH to remain a full-fledged benefit.
To visual artists who have no social protection
RUA
The disabled adult allowance, the APL and all the aids concerning the disability must not be included in the Universal Activity Income
youth support
To all
To parents on parental leave
The RUA must not take into account the AAH
TO ALL STUDENTS WITHOUT DISTINCTION
TO ALL STUDENTS WITHOUT DISTINCTION
To everyone
UNIVERSAL
Integration of the aah in the RUA
LAAH is not just another minimum.
"A ""true"" universal income for all.""
The RUA is not adapted to all disability situations
who should receive a universal income
a simple opening of rights (a single participant), indexed at least to inflation, monthly
Helping to create, not to stay at home
Universal under conditions?
Extend the RUA to foreigners who have been legally resident for less than 5 years
As for unemployment
The AAH should not be included in the RUA.
For parent instructors
Single mothers and large families
RUA Elderly
Universal income for all
Young people, students, handicapped people, elderly people
TO EVERYONE
"Give priority to people over 50 who are looking for work and who are considered "too old", especially women".
People with disabilities and their families experiencing poverty
To all persons with an income below 800 euros/month
To all, on condition of income
universal income also for children
universality of the UK by financing it through dividends
RUA
Solidarity in good order
To all
Who should the Universal Activity Income be aimed at?
particular case of psychic patients psychiatric illness is each time a specific case so create a follow-up file
Refusal to integrate AAH and APL and RSA into RUA + Minimum to be guaranteed
those
women
prioritize the universal activity income
Universal AND supportive
The AAH is not a social minimum like the others and should not be included in the scope of the RUA
The AAH is not a social minimum like any other
Exclude the AAH from the RUA
For all from 18 years old
The UK in place of all other benefits
People receiving AAH should not be concerned
To whom should the universal activity income be addressed?
TO WHO? TO ALL
avoid threshold and sawtooth effects
To all law-abiding French people.
RUA for all without conditions
Universal Income for ALL
Who should the Rua contact?
Targeted and better supervised
For all those experiencing poverty
Student and post-graduation youth
To anyone to help achieve a decent income
For whom
no to the integration of the AAH in the RUA
Objective 0 young people without resources and without support
AAH and universal income
right for any person with a pension below 1500 euros
RUA with anti-fraud system
people in burnout at work
RUA instead of ISF deduction
Certainly not to people with disabilities
All the poor except the disabled
Beware of confusion
Universal income to replace all national benefits
Do not include persons receiving AAH with a mental disorder
Verify the actual income of the beneficiaries
The Confédération Syndicale des Familles against the integration of the APL, the AAH and the ASPA
AAH in RUA
students and inactive persons raising children
AAH
Replace the AAH with the RUA
No RUA to replace the AAH for psychic disability
The RUA cannot be used for recipients of the AAH and all other forms of aid for people with disabilities
The AAH must not be included in the Universal Activity Income
Not to daah carriers
HANDICAP should not be integrated into the RUA!
AAH
Do not make Rua for the mentally disabled
The RUA for everyone from birth to death.
Disability pension and transition to retirement
Recipients of the ASS
Single Minimum Income RMU
Create an income so that every human being can live in dignity
To everyone
Reasoning by status and age group
Universal: Extending, applying to all objects (persons or things) that exist.
Any person living on French territory, without any other condition.
NO TO THE RUA YES TO HELP THE WORKING POOR
NO to the lazy man's factory
Priority to single-parent families.
not AAH
MAILING ADDRESSES
Title deleted
Rights holders
TO THE FRENCH
ALL TYPES OF AUDIENCES
RUA at 100% of the SMIC for disabled people who cannot or no longer work
To all! It would be enough to create a UNIVERSAL income (and not a universal activity income).
Simplification of procedures and IT tools
Who should receive a universal income?
RUA
For all, from the age of majority.
Prorated RUA with income ceiling
Who should the RUA contact?
The RUA would be open to all persons with an income below the poverty line of
Universal income for all
To all CITIZENS
Allocation to each French citizen.
A minimum income for everyone who has reached the age of majority or is emancipated
Except for the disabled
Universal
The AAH is not an activity income.
From 16 years old according to certain eligibility criteria
Establish an asset ceiling
For each individual in the company
To all French citizens
Who is the target audience?
To all, and in particular to the precarious, the homeless and the non-recipients
RETURN TO WORK ASSISTANCE
Universal benefit to consolidate support
Integrating the Specific Solidarity Allowance (ASS) into the universal activity income?
Accompaniment and access to employment cannot be dissociated from the RUA
employment or RUA
Stop the huge bureaucratic overhead of gouging on non-recipients
"Let's avoid polluting the public debate! Words have a meaning: "Universal" means "which applies to all cases"!
The poor...
To stay-at-home moms
TO HOLDERS OF A RQTH (Recognition as a Disabled Worker) NOT RECEIVING THE AAH
"A real "Universal Income" for ALL, modular and conditional"
For everyone except the disabled
Exclude the Allocation for Disabled Adults from the Universal Activity Income.
Population concerned
To everyone, living on French territory and filling out a tax form and not reaching a certain ceiling!
Neither the AHA nor the solidarity allowance for the elderly
Recognizing caregivers to better respect our elders
To all citizens, means-tested only
+ the 2nd parent
To all
To ALL as long as you are a good CITIZEN
ASSOCIATIVE VOLUNTEERS exercising RESPONSIBILITIES in the SOCIAL and SOLIDARITY sector.
INNOVATING for a MORE INCLUSIVE and less DISCRIMINATORY SOCIETY: CAREGIVERS and FAMILY CAREGIVERS
Universal = Applies to all
Activity income
1 parent with a disabled child
income granted to any person without work and without benefit from the beginning of the precariousness and without condition of resources going back to the year before
a universal income
The contribution for all
universal income for all
RSA recipients
for all
All citizens
RUA and AAH
All persons of working age and unemployed
Universal solidarity income, not activity income!
To any non-working person over 18 years of age who meets the following eligibility criteria:
To all citizens according to resources / assets
Any French citizen with an income of less than 5000 per month.
A non-universal, non-activity-based income.
Universal or NOT?
TO ALL THE FRENCH PEOPLE
The RUA should be open to all adults of age!
To all .
Working mother raising children alone
To everyone
1 200
Micro-entrepreneurs
the universal income, as its name indicates, must apply to everyone.
All the people
to everyone
Universal income for all
RUA
only to recipients who require it ....
For all
Including the APL in the RUA is not possible because what about disabled people on the AAH who have to stay outside the RUA?
The Supplementary Invalidity Allowance must absolutely remain outside the scope of the RUA as it was designed to supplement very small disability pensions of disabled people who have worked less than 10 years (chronic disabling diseases)
Why merge the universal income and the Aah
No to the untimely revision of disability rates (MDPH) and invalidity rates (CPAM) in order to get as many people as possible into the RUA
Exclude from the RUA all disabled people receiving the AAH who, by definition, have a Substantial and Lasting Employment Restriction (RSDAE)
young people completing their studies
Person with a disability
People with a balance of income below a certain level
Addressing yourself
Priority to job seekers and pensioners
counterpart of the RUA
Working poor and students
TO ENCOURAGE PEOPLE TO RETURN TO WORK
Universal = all without exceptions or conditions
Why in silver?
question
disabled people and carers: real and potential consumers
No more subsidies, yes to a universal income for all French people.
Owner with a deceased spouse
Free the TANGUY : + tax - APL the calculations are not good!
The parent who is forced to stop working to care for his or her disabled child
rights and duties
too many vulnerable people
Single parent and students
universal income for all people with an income of less than €1500 net per month
lone mothers who raised their children alone
The net resource per household: steering aid through the gaps
Conditions
UNIVERSAL INCOME COMBINING ALL FORMS OF AID
Dear Ministry of Solidarity and Health,
Who can claim the Universal Activity Income
UAW for all
Activity allowance
real status for carers, excluding benefits
To all (otherwise it is not universal)
UNIVERSAL INCOME
RUA
condition for receiving the SUP
2 categories of UR: the non-employable and the employable
For all
Universal Income = Everyone over 18 years of age
universal income for all
aah
French nationality and minimum contribution
For all from 18 years old if you are French
To the French
Limits
YOUNG PEOPLE, ELDERLY PEOPLE, DISABLED PEOPLE... IN A SITUATION OF PRECARITY OR UNDER THE POVERTY LINE !
TO THE ISOLATED PARENT
RUA or RSU? Let's be clear.
Anyone with an income of less than 2000.
We don't want to assist the lazy anymore
To everyone below the poverty line.
To all without exception
TO ALL THE POOR
Aah
Internship
Universal means for all!
Recovered from the estate?
jojo
To all
All according to resources and individually
any major below this RUA
Universal
For all
All employees at the minimum wage
To the students!
Equal Rights in Alternate Custody of Children
equivocal
no RUA for foreigners ...
No RUA for people in indelicacy with justice and civic-mindedness...
To all potential beneficiaries without exception
The AAH without taking into account the spouse's income
integrate the person with a disability and only his or her income
to be paid according to a resource ceiling
AAH
Any adult below the poverty line.
By experience at the time of the increase of the aah the government took advantage of it to remove the complement of resources an assistance envisaged e for the most heavily handicapped by replacing it by an inferior assistance under conditions to touch the apl
The RUA should not apply to AAH recipients
Any adult without income or assets, regardless of age.
To which audiences...
Everyone: it is a UNIVERSAL income
Universal .
who is concerned?
Housewife
People with or without jobs, under certain conditions
List of people who should receive it :
For every human being, regardless of age or nationality.
For everyone from birth
A universal income close to the minimum wage
AAH DISABLED ADULT ALLOWANCE OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSAL INCOME
All the people
The French above all
An income that adapts to recipients
development income
RUA FOR ALL
Human recognition
AAH
UK
No to the integration of the ASPA and the AAH in the RUA!
disabled person
A living wage for all French people
Equitable rights for divorced and separated parents
NO
Stop helping people who can work without asking for anything in return
No to the integration of the aah and the aspa!
WHO SHOULD THE RUA
Addressing all but with a counterpart.
A job for the company
"In RUA, there is 'universal'"
Aid, yes, but...
RUA and AAH
Income for all upon reaching the age of majority
the AAH must not become RUA
Individual consideration of financial resources
Preference
What is the citizenship criterion to benefit from the RUA
To all
beneficiaries
Young people, disabled people, poor families with children
It should be complementary to unemployment
PROPORTIONAL RUA
THE THEORY OF UNIVERSAL INCOME
against
No to aah in the RUA
Graduated rate for minors
Parents on parental leave and stay-at-home parents
Include the SSA in the UAP
RMA at 1300 euros net per month
a distinction must be made between people who are forced to work due to illness or disability and other situations
Migrant
And the students
Animation sector
Underpaid animation sector
For you, for me, for him, for everyone
To workers and those who are unable to work
Universal income for all without conditions
Young people placed in and leaving the Children's Social Aid Service (under conditions)
What about pensioners?
EQUALITY FOR ALL FROM 18 YEARS OF AGE
For all, without conditions.
Sick people, pensioners, trainees, poorest employees
All people receive social assistance.
APL
Scandalous
Youth under 18 to 25 with no income
the poorest quarter of the over-16s, quite simply
To help workers on precarious contracts.
RUA a real change
A RUA from 18 years old
Who is the rua
A A H
For all
"Open your eyes to the ""real income"" taken into account for an opening of rights"
to whom to pay the aid
To all or no one
to people yes to the complexity of individuals and their situations
the poverty line
dissociate AAH from other income
To all the people who are committed to making society evolve in the right direction by devoting 5 hours of their time every week to make it evolve.
To people who have a project
To all those who receive a salary, an allowance or a pension below the smic.
UNIVERSAL BASIC INCOME
Liberty Equality Fraternity
UNIVERSAL
for all but with conditions
To those who take the trouble to look for work
Student Aid
The aah must continue to exist separately.
The French in Europe
"Make universal ""universal (activity) income"""
But who will pay?
Bonus for single persons
A Universal Income for All
To all persons without income
To all persons without income
to all honest people of good will
One-stop shop for social benefits
One-stop shop for social benefits
The integration of new publics implies an increase in social expenditure
All French citizens
Dissociate the amount of certain APLs
Young people and internships
For the disabled simplification of administrative procedures
For all audiences, subject to income conditions
Senior Alert and RUA
To all but not to AAH recipients
Eradicating poverty in a caring society
to people working part-time or three-quarters of the time
All audiences by replacing all other services...
Legal proceedings
Caregivers
Unrecognized or partially recognized disabilities
Situation of precariousness
resources
Activity allowance for disabled persons (means-tested)
Former recipients of the employment bonus
The grant is cocaine
Minimum food requirement
aid yes but .....
Unemployed persons at the end of their entitlement (ASS)
To all
AAH (Allocation adulte Handicapé) - Who says activity says being able to work
Social aids
1000 TO ALL LIFE
EVERYONE if it is a universal income
universal activity income
To all persons undergoing an unwanted change of situation
that says activity says salary
FOR A TRULY UNIVERSAL BASIC INCOME
let's turn the table over!
All adults and emancipated minors
To everyone
To all adults and emancipated minors
Reserved for nationals only
Adjusted income
NO TO THE INCLUSION OF THE AAH IN THE FUTURE RUA
To ALL to give everyone the same chances from the start
To all but beware of criminal records
To all when you show motivation to get out
a universal and Franco-French income
free higher education
include students
Consideration of disability with a rate of less than 80%.
For everyone individually, imposed
RU for whom
To all those who are in precariousness, poverty
Don't leave out the vulnerable
Individualize the RUA rather than granting it to a household
obligation for the beneficiary to live in france and to want to stay there
To All from birth and throughout life
To All
single mother
TO ALL BUT WITH CONDITIONS TO BE DETERMINED AND CHECKED TOGETHER
To all citizens as a real universal income is supposed to be
Temporary premium
Another vision of the activity income
For students living more than 100km from their parents.
To all people in temporary or permanent difficulty
Doing the same thing as the activity allowance with the same resource ceiling
The working poor
