Financing the Universal Activity Income through national solidarity
As soon as the Universal Activity Income is granted, offer immediate professional and/or social support, depending on the person's situation
Detecting people eligible for the Universal Activity Income in order to inform them of their right
Take into account the fact that you have dependent children
Take into account the income of the entire household
As an accompanying measure, allow everyone to convert their personal training account into a
Increase the amounts according to the distance from the training centres
Allow each person to choose a career path over several years
Experiment in 3 regions and disseminate the results
increase in employers' contributions, end of the reduction in charges
Why do employers continue to receive aid with our tax money without any compensation?
Individual or joint treatment
the risks
taken into account for people who live in couples without being married but also for the reversionary pension!
UNIVERSAL INCOME (good idea or gas factory?)
Do not take the person's personal situation into account when calculating income (AAH)
Household income
creative financing
creative financing
RSA funding
No additional taxes
More control
A Universal Activity Income to compensate for a lack of income
Considering treatment failures for AHA
REVENUE FUND
Universality Taking into account income and work periods
I AM AGAINST A UNIVERSAL INCOME WITHOUT WORK IN RETURN
Financing of the RUA
AAH
how to apply for the SUP
Subject: Universal activity income/unconditional basic income
Rua for people below the poverty line
That an opinion of the Council of State may also be requested by the Human Rights Defender
Take into account the amounts of the rent or mortgage
To be combined with the needs
OF WORK IN RETURN
Regularly review the person's situation
A compensatory Universal Activity Income
Financing the universal income by stopping the waste of public money
A "Citizen's VOICE Income" (VOICE / "Dream too"!) FOR EVERYBODY, rather than the RUA: implementation modalities, to reinvent/(re)enchant Work, our Society and our lives...
my modus operandi of the rua
Kalissy06
Take into account the income of the entire household
The prerequisites to facilitate the implementation of universal income
Take into account specific problems
Avoiding redundant requests for evidence or documents
An automated payment
All equal so same financial aid
deterioration of social assistance
The DNA bank a bank that insures on the life of humanity
Students
"Transferring the competence ""scholarship"" from CROUS to the organization in charge of the RUA"
State funding to let departments and cities provide exceptional aid
Take into account all assets and income (individual or household depending on valuation) and all expenses and obligations
An evaluation by a social worker (half on a grid, half human) and multi-disciplinary support
decent income
Age
Take into account the cost of housing
Take into account the (often non-existent) income of young people and students
France cannot stop globalisation but can give priority to Europe and the rest of the world.
Taxes on robots, gaffes...
TAKE INTO ACCOUNT THE CONSTITUTION OF THE HOUSEHOLD AND ALL RESOURCES AND ASSETS
Minimum income for all without distinction
Set a decent minimum income.
CONTRIBUTING: the ONLY REAL WAY OUT
Taking into account disability and dependent children
The UAH is indexed to the municipal/inter-municipal poverty line and inflation
And why not two versions of the RUA ? one RU and one RUA
I CAN FEEL THIS COUNTRY REGRESSING AS I SEE THE CLIMATE DETERIORATING.
Agreed, but except for the case of disabled people (AAH, other allowances and aid for disabled people) and APL
A subscription allowing to use the generated profits to co-finance the RU (or RUA, if you want...)?
State financing and not by local authorities
You said universal!
A careful study of the living conditions for the payment of this income
A RUA focused on the individual's journey rather than the household
Universal
Ensure continuity of entitlements and prohibit abusive suspensions of benefit payments
conditions for the universal activity income
Robots at work, proles at the bar
AAH
according to the resources of each entity, separately: couple, child, single person
Family policy only leads to decadence
Avoiding threshold effects
Take into account the income of the entire household
bad idea
RUA operation
Universality and Funding
Young -25 years old
Basic Income
AAH and RUA
No strings attached as it will replace all social benefits...
The UR should replace all social benefits and therefore can benefit from the reorientation of existing credits
No means test if it is to be universal.
No means testing, otherwise it is no longer universal
remove benefits from families whose children are in foster care
Minimum income for all
RUA for all without conditions
Universal Income for ALL
Rewarding virtue
Under what conditions
Make it simple!
Do not include the aah in the universal income
that Universal Income be taxable
Robots or robotic machines are already replacing employees in many companies...
Operation by points by grouping together all the criteria of the existing aids
Amount
FINANCING
Universal individual monthly wage
Donate part of the aid in kind
Full automation and no activity
RUA compatible with unemployment benefits
Universal activity income
single disabled persons
Stop harassing the weak
For a new economic system based on the right to exist, not on the need to have a job
individualize aid
The RUA for all, regardless of income, from the age of 18
Suspend or cancel the RSA for people who commit or whose dependent children commit damage to public or private property
Universal shield
Single Minimum Income RMU
terms and conditions
Condition to be met
funding
Being French since it is a non-insurance benefit
Recovering aid from an estate
moving towards a universal income
Long-term forecast of the RUA
Giving time to society
There should be no conditions for universal income, other than age (and still...).
Consider only the personal circumstances of the applicant
credited with the aid managed by the post office ...
Criteria to benefit from the RUA
CONDITIONS must be akin to a FEELING OF FREE CHOICE!
PAYMENT
the symptom and not the cause
33% VAT
1 EURO TAX ON TECHNOLOGY
Not just income, household expenses too...
take into account the money in the bank accounts
INFORM PEOPLE
Income tax return should include all aid received
Rights and duties
Conditions to be met
Taxing corporate profits
Considering a negative personal income tax as a universal activity income
Take into account the income of the entire household
duty of care
the conditions to be met
Family composition, income from work, rent due : The RUA would be calculated according to several criteria
By abolishing the CICE.
By taxing cannabis, after it is legalized.
Unconditional to every French citizen
Estate recovery
Quarterly reporting
Simplification and merging of different aids
Taking resources into account
Savings on operation
Avoiding duplication
REUNITE
FUSION
Take into account the income and situation of the household
Do not consider small savings as resources
Accompaniment and access to employment cannot be dissociated from the RUA
IN THE LONG TERM...
national solidarity + tax on financial transactions of investment banks
that the RUA comes in addition to the ahh or disability pension
Equity
Census and approach
Control of rights
National solidarity AND company tax
Dignity through work
Trained agents
Automatic allocation
Recognizing volunteer investment in public interest organizations
should continue to be paid on a means-tested basis
How to apply for the rua during the universal national service
The Company pays
THAT THE AMOUNT IS HIGHER THAN THE RSA
universal activity income except apl
SMOKE SCREEN
When will we see a real project for a reasonable minimum wage?
a single base
adapt +++ to differences and special cases
DO VOLUNTEER HOURS IN ASSOCIATIONS IN EXCHANGE FOR THE RUA
INCOME MUST BE INDIVIDUAL AND INDIVIDUALIZED
Financing the universal income by taxing stock market transactions and dividends
universal activity income
In the case of an unemployed person who does not look for a job, the RUA would be suspended or a compensatory work of a few hours would be required, except in exceptional cases (handicap...)
equality of the republic, that the richest share with the poorest
like the MPs, no criteria
like the MPs, you have to manage yourself
why is it shameful or offensive to ask for something in return for a RUA???
A SMIC at 2000 and a RUA at 800! System of payment of salaries by the State
only condition = French citizen
Financing
Self-employed: a monthly calculation
A monthly update
The conditions for receiving the Universal Activity Income
RUA for the autonomy of young people
not
VAT
EMPLOYMENT OF STAFF RECEIVING RSA
merger of all social benefits
Make it conditional on professional, social or health integration
RUA could move towards a negative tax principle
A single body to manage household income
1 200
Avoiding poverty and inflation.
Avoiding both poverty and inflation.
Financing by levies on large assets and increased VAT on luxury goods
A social RUA
Housing subsidies and aah.
Income
Cap, reduce or abolish family allowances for more than 3 or 4 children.
financing of the RUA
An amount for everyone
Perverse effect of tax funding?
Be careful to take all situations into account
housing allowance
Increase social minima
combine rights with duties
supporting evidence of low income
have a low income
Donate 1000 euros to anyone over 18 years old
save money by eliminating undue benefits
for new graduate students
TAKE INTO ACCOUNT THE INCOME OF EACH PERSON, NOT THE COUPLE
Universal Stock Exchange Contribution
Modality: the act of being born
The human condition should be enough
Aid in return for work
Lifetime wages without ruining the state (but that the bosses won't like)
a decent minimum for job seekers and pensioners
Making tax havens aware of National Solidarity
Developing the mobile application mesdroitssociaux.gouv.fr
End of the automatic right without compensation
Take into account the diversity of the realities and social difficulties of the recipients
A minimum income from age 18 to 62
A 0.5% increase in VAT could finance this solidarity effort.
TAKING INTO ACCOUNT THE SPECIFIC ALLOWANCES OF THE CITY OF PARIS
SPECIAL ALLOWANCES FROM THE CITY OF PARIS TO BE TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN THE CALCULATION OF INCOME
Terms and conditions
Conditions - 1400 euros net Universal Minimum Income
Allocation through tax return
Restore leave Competency Assessment
EPICT
Automaticity
Dependent child
Single parent (m or f)
Resource requirements
Love of work
resources for all
Salary slip
Senio
Be 18 years old
NO to the merger of the AAH with the RUA
The people for the people
UNIVERSITY
RUA is all well and good, but there are more redundancies than hirings, even less when you are disabled, so the AAH and the APL or other housing assistance should not be included
Take everything into account
Expenses
stop not touching my aah
For all = simplification
Crime
A Universal Income for all citizens
Equity of the produced wealth and redistribution, problems and mechanism of poverty
counterpart
Merging the different layers of the community.
Tax funding as usual.
All persons below a certain threshold.
there are no conditions to be met in order to benefit from the RUA
A tax-free UK!
Only means-tested
Unconditionally because it is universal
the Housing Allowance (APL) is not an activity income
Universal income for all
It's income so it's taxable
Recoverable from the estate
In order to benefit from the Universal Activity Income, it will be necessary to perform community service in return (TIG = unpaid work for an association or a public service)
Simplifications
Income tax return
To be taken into account
Why not solidarity vouchers?
Limited RUA amount
Take nothing into account
Family solidarity before national solidarity
seamless processes
Establish a Universal Income for all (and therefore not "activity")
funding proposal
Universal income even without activity
Question not applicable because AAH beneficiaries should not be included in the RUA
National solidarity that includes capital income
apply to (and increase the number of) social workers
Take into account not only income but also assets
Financing through the economy of simplification and the contribution of high incomes
No conditions, just the fact of existing.
Equal sharing of support between two divorced or separated parents
Equality between siblings
What do the apl and the aah have to do with the rua?
Development income
Gains in the fight against tax fraud
AGAINST MERGING LASS AND RSA IN THE FUTURE RUA
A central file for a fluid bureaucracy
No exclusionary incompatibilities for students
infringement of the rights of the families of persons with disabilities
UK
No to the integration of the aspa and the aah!
Levy a tax on machines
Income
Consideration of family situation
How to redistribute in solidarity
Homeowners have outstanding loans
simplification
REDISTRIBUTION SOCIAL AND FISCAL JUSTICE.
Be an emancipated French citizen (no longer dependent)
Universal income
"Plan an awareness campaign for the general public on the "precarious" status of the individual".
No, that's it.
U.A.R. funding
against
Proposal
Ensuring a meaningful difference with the work
Participation fee
For an RMA at 1300 euros net per month for all without income conditions
A points system
Taxing financial transactions
Tracking down fraud, enforcing the non-accumulation of mandates, reducing public/private disparities
all in the same boat
Land law
Financing
Tracking down fraud and waste
Only considered the absolute poverty line
Aah
No conditions to benefit from it
Rights ok, but duties too
Financing the RUA with ACS CMU-C aid
Take into account the person's income
activity = work
Base taxes on curves, mathematical functions and remove brackets.
Redistribution
Make dividend payments conditional on salary improvements
Exclude disability from the scope of the RUA
universal income calculation
Also finance real support for beneficiaries
Entrust the management and payment of the RUA to the future public service for integration (and employment)
Progressive Inheritance Tax
By the tax paid by all
Simple and guaranteed e.g. 600 per adult, 300 per child, for all regardless of income.
No Conditions
How to finance
Continue to take into account actual costs
terms and conditions
terms and conditions
A minimum amount + a bonus/malus depending on the case
to all since it will be universal without conditions ....
just on income
Refocusing social support on nationals only
Work of convicted persons
Technology tax (robot)
for financing
A safety net
per capita income
RUA what about SSA and retirement quarter?
Ask the Ministry of Finance
Introduction of a social VAT combined with a reduction in payroll taxes
A truly universal income...
Integrate AUTOMATICITY into the allocation process
Households with more than 3 ineligible children
Permanent exclusion from the rua
Get out of the 5/95 rule, i.e. 5% of the population living high
Make everyone aware of their rights more effectively and respect the choices they make
Reinstate the ISF
Financing part of the RUA via an AIRBNB tax
Tax on the big salaries of company bosses and the rentiers of the Republic
Take into account the person's overall situation
Financing from the estate
One income, one job
The financing is to be imposed on companies that have installed automation in their activities.
Universal income means for everyone.
Single Window of Social Benefits ( GUPS )
Fighting against non-use is interesting provided it is financed
And how to manage the third party payment when the APL (or AL) is requested by the landlord?
SINGLE FILE AND SHARING
Family allowances from the 1st child
A real UNIVERSAL income (not linked to activity)
Fight against tax evasion and stop tax giveaways (CICE) etc
Automation of aids
Consider the big picture
If unemployed after age 55
the beneficiaries will be able to be helped financially but also administratively to open a micro enterprise
The rua should not include all the aids
Reintegration
Poverty, health problems, handicaps, precariousness...
RU accumulation of seniority and dependent child
The grant is cocaine.
A fair distribution, without discouraging counter-measures
Variable depending on rent and transportation costs.
Justice please - allow everyone to live with a decent minimum given the sudden (not chosen) elements of their situation.
look at the most recent situation
Obligation to perform a public interest mission in return
Flat tax
Universal Credit in the UK
Concerns for the RUA
To all persons undergoing an unwanted change of situation
operation
Take into account unrecognized disabilities.
Do not take into account movable assets
BE CAREFUL to control the expected decrease in the rate of redistribution and to avoid a windfall effect and the reinforcement of the welfare state.
do not include the APL in this reform
Moving from a UCP to a Universal Income
Self-financing
Possibility of management by private funds in addition to the state.
Social redistribution annuity
alone (or alone) with a child with a disability ...
It must take everything into account
Be realistic and act at the right time
Proof of identity
Borrowing the first year, the money will automatically return to the state coffers in the following years as it is reinjected into the economy through the daily expenses of the French (VAT, fuel taxes, taxes, etc.)
TO ALL BUT WITH CONDITIONS AND TO BE CHECKED TOGETHER
Operation RU
apply the obligation of maintenance and recovery from inheritance to all social assistance
Recognizing precariousness
Do not recover the RUA from the estate, even if the ASPA is included
Take money where you can get it
Radical simplification
the conditions
Automatic for all
From birth, to be declared on the civil registers and automatic payment
Single with child
No
Think also of the savings to be made in order to really help those who need it
With more financial means because it will have losers
activity in return for the rua
Restore coherence to all compulsory levies.
